Week 1: 
In the initial week of the project, we quickly formed our group, decided on the scrum master and product owner and chose the project we wanted to complete.  We set up our own Discord server and were assigned tasks to complete. I began my tasks by creating a Figma file and focused on establishing a design system, starting with defining color schemes and typography. Additionally, I started developing components, with an emphasis on creating buttons and input fields to lay the foundation for the project's visual and interactive elements.

Week 2: 
During the second week, I dedicated time to refining the components in the Figma file, ensuring consistency and coherence in the design system. I added I more components and variants as we discussed what we needed on each page such as dropdowns, popups and checkboxes. I then helped complete a draft design for the pages, focusing on structuring the overall layout and flow of the interface based on the established components and color scheme. I also started on the storyboards for login and registration. 

Week 3: 
This week, I worked with the frontend team to finalise the storyboards and completed the storyboards for the login and registration processes, ensuring a smooth user experience. Additionally, I provided assistance in editing the project proposal to ensure clarity and completeness in presenting our project objectives and scope.

Week 4: 
I updated the project's README file to include clearer instructions. I also began implementing the metrics table component to display the metric names, chosen years and the corresponding data on our metrics dashboard page. I also ensured that the styling of the metrics table matched that of other tables in the project, maintaining consistency in the user interface.

Week 5: 
This week, I continued to work on and completed the implementation of the metrics table. Additionally, I made the ESG pie chart, which displays the esg score based on the data selected by the user. I also created an enum and function to facilitate mapping between the raw metric name provided by Clarity AI to more descriptive and understandable labels for improved readability.

Week 6: 
During this week, I addressed feedback from a teammate regarding the display of the metrics table. I modified the code so it does not display the columns of the table if the user hasn't selected any years for comparison or just for a single company or frameworks. Instead, it would display an overlay to let the user know that there is no data and to select years and frameworks to be able to view data in the table. Additionally, I began refactoring the code to support comparing metrics across multiple companies in the metrics dashboard.

Week 7: 
I completed the comparison metric table and also made a comparison pie chart to show the esg scores of the selected companies. Additionally, I refactored the code for formatting our data into the row definition for MUI's data grid to work for both the data for a single company or multiple companies. I also made a function to map lists to MUI data grid's grid column definition format to reduce repetitive code. 

Week 8: 
This week, I added functionality to display weightings to metrics in the table and converted the "View Metrics" button to "Compare Metrics" when selecting multiple companies. I also started working on a profile picture module (but stopped after discussing with team and it being low priority) and added a tooltip to explain the calculation of the ESG score. Additionally, I converted the checkboxes for years in the search selector into radio buttons so users can only view data from one year when comparing companies.

Week 9: 
During this week, I focused on enhancing the metrics dashboard to provide more information and aid user navigation. I added an accordion containing relevant information for users to navigate the dashboard effectively. Additionally, I ensured responsiveness of the metrics table to adapt to different screen sizes and resolutions.

Week 10: 
In the final week, I continued to prioritise mobile responsiveness and refined the framework selector to ensure optimal user experience across devices. I modified our code so that on smaller screens, the selector will show each option (years, frameworks, other metrics) on each row and that the years box's height will adjust to the number of options available and also fixed some errors on the metrics page. I then worked on the login and register pages to make the buttons/input fields and typography responsive. I also helped edit our final report. 